[Blackpink House]
[#Blackpink #Reality]
[Good afternoon] [What is Blackpink
doing on this chilly afternoon?]
[On the set of a magazine photoshoot]
[No... No way...]
[Yes, it is the visual member, Jisoo]
Turn your body to the other side.
[#Popular_in_2018 #New_pretty_Jisoo
#Sub-brand_product_prettier_Jisoo]
[Face that makes the person next to her timid]
[Feels new]
[Sweats 1]
I want to take all my sweatpants.
[Sweats 2]
I ate helium gas and I became like this.
Oh, heaven help me...
[Sounds like she would say... Oh, heaven help me]
They don't sell chicken skewers.
So heavy. Seriously...
[Every photo of her goddesslike
photoshoot is worth keeping!]
My bangs are tickling me.
- It's "Blackpink TV."
- Really?
Today's concept is natural
and real Jisoo!
[As it is, real Jisoo]
Drowsy, drowsy...
I'm getting sleepy.
They said that the concept
was a drowsy and tired feeling
but I'm really getting sleepy.
[#This_face_how_selfish #For_real]
[Face completes the style]
What's this?
It's my first time seeing it, too.
- This...
- First time seeing this picture.
[Can't believe...]
It's me.
My barefoot.
Look at my feet acting.
[Feet acting is on the rise]
- It would be good if it became like this.
- I like this one. Stop for a second.
Jisoo, good job.
[We'll show you all pretty things!]
Good.
[Rosé's photoshoot]
- She has long legs. - Good!
This one. x2
I like this one the best.
- Why?
- Look at her legs.
[The best] - Really.
- No, the shoes were this big.
Awesome.
[How embarrassing (do more)]
Embarrassing.
[For her long, long legs to be born(?)]
Is this "Blackpink TV"?
Shocking!
I had no idea.
[Heart, "Blackpink TV"]
All of a sudden.
"Blackpink TV."
I feel more close.
Nervous, nervous.
[Solo photoshoot for the first time!]
It's my first time doing it by myself.
[ZERO nervousness]
[Professional pose and expression]
[#Pink_Rosé #Goddess_pose #Ahh]
[Huh???]
[Pretty YOYO]
[Lisa and Jisoo broke into the set]
- Good. x2 Nice. x2
- Nice. x2
[If you go on heels,
the altitude is 2m high;;;]
As expected, her legs are long.
[Picked up picture]
Awesome.
[Finished with their business!
Not looking back]
Jisoo.
[Huh...? Shopping?]
Shopping. This! This!
What do you think about this?
It's not bad, right?
This is pretty.
[This is practically yours]
This... This...
Can I try it on?
[Asking but she took off her jacket already]
- Can I try it on? - No.
I want to try it on.
[She only put on one sleeve...]
What do you think?
It's nice, right?
[Perfect!!!!!]
It's cute.
[Should I take this, too!]
It's pretty.
[Obviously mine]
This is small.
This is so tight.
Pretty.
[You come home with me!!!!]
She came to a clothing store right now.
It's nice.
But this is kind of short.
[Clothes have no crime, you have long arms...]
Your arms are long.
[Then, I...]
I think this would be okay, too.
Cute.
This is Jisoo's.
[W... hat?!]
- Look, she says it's mine.
- No, I wore it first.
[Changed owners]
[Has no plans to take it off]
[Help me, Solomon]
I wore this first.
[Mine]
[Swinging her arms out of happiness]
But this is nice, too.
No, that one.
That one from before.
[Enters brown person number 2]
Rosé, Rosé, take your jacket off.
- Done? It's done now?
- Please take a picture for me.
Rosé.
[167cm 2m]
I'm short.
[BLACKPINK Official VLIVE Channel Ver] E02
Blackpink House
-= Ruo Xi =-
[Decides to be a human ladder]
[Photographer: Jisoo]
[Ladder as a prop: Lisa] [Self-production]
[Struggling]
[Not enough to take a picture of a 2m person]
Be careful.
[#This_place_is_a_photo_zone
#Free_photo_with_a_brown_giant]
- Buy this for me. Buy this for me.
- This one.
[Brown fur coat] [She knows what's up]
Buy this for me.
- This one for me.
- Buy this for me.
[There's someone who says they want it
but no one saying they will buy it]
I will buy this for you
so buy this for me.
[My brown fur coat is the best]
Sounds good.
[All-Day In The Pink]
[That night]
Chicken came? x2
Yes, it came.
Chicken?
[Girl group eats chicken at this hour?]
To be honest... I'll make a confession.
[Oh my... Not ready to accept...]
I want to eat chicken skewers.
[Nervous for no reason]
What confession is that?
I want to eat chicken skewers.
Chicken skewers, chicken skewers.
["Chicken skewer song" made by Jisoo]
I need to eat chicken skewers.
[Why]
They don't sell chicken skewers!!!
- I'm hungry.
- There are no chicken skewers.
[Compromise with reality]
I want to eat chicken at least.
There are no chicken skewers.
[So, we meet]
Let's eat chicken.
- BLINK.
- Let's eat first.
It looks good.
[A crunchy bite]
[A crunch of happiness]
[Today's scene-stealer, "chicken"]
[The Best Chicken Award]
[#On_a_snowy_day #lnstead_of_skewers
#However_it_looks #Chicken_is_always_right]
[Good thing I confessed...]
Wet tissues. x4
[Ack! So cute]
Wet tissues...
[Stop now]
Isn't it better to wash your hands?
Lisa, you're going to wash them for me?
[It's easy to wipe them with your mouth...]
When we do our guerrilla tomorrow,
[Guerrilla?]
shouldn't we give out something?
Since it's the cold winter.
[Guerrilla fan meeting
that Blackpink prepared?]
We want to have a housewarming party
with BLINK and show them our house
but we can't bring all of them.
[So, a surprise guerrilla fan meeting
that Blackpink planned]
[Notice for Blackpink's guerrilla fan meeting!]
[Moving celebration]
We got to do a guerrilla event
[Guerrilla event for the fans]
all of a sudden today.
[Online celebration for moving through V LIVE]
Welcome to Blackpink House!
[OFFLINE & ONLINE]
[See you soon!]
[Chapter 2] [#BLINK_you_waited?
#Let's_meet_now #Event_for_fans]
[28 hours before the guerrilla fan meeting]
When we do our guerrilla tomorrow,
[During the fan meeting] shouldn't we
give out something since it's cold winter?
What do you want to make?
[Dot Dot Dot]
Will we... Will we be able to do it?
We're not good at cooking
but it would be nice to eat
something delicious together.
And we need to decide that.
What?
[Deciding who will do what for the fan meeting]
Two of us will cook
and the others will decorate the food.
- We're going to sleep now.
- Yes.
[Inside her bed]
We're resting. I'm so happy.
It's so nice and warm.
- BL night to the members in the next room.
- BL night.
[Everybody BL night]
BL night.
[See U Soon BLINK]
[Soothing an empty stomach (feat. toast)]
[In no time, guerrilla fan meeting D-DAY]
[Don't have courage to step
outside of her blanket]
[Woke up but went back to sleep]
[We don't see Lisa and Rosé?]
[Following]
I'm hungry.
[Rumbling]
[Rosé runs to the kitchen as soon as she's up!]
Lisa, I'm hungry.
I'm hungry.
- Are there tangerines?
- Yes, there are.
- Tangerine.
- Cheese, cheese, cheese!
I love lemon juice.
[Surprised] [Sour taste on an empty stomach!]
I really like lemons.
Do you want to make fried eggs?
Do they have that?
No.
They have jam, too.
We need to go buy bread...
[This is how scary an empty stomach is]
Oh, I'm hungry.
Hungry.
[I'm going to die of starvation
before I meet BLINK]
[I found something!]
Lisa, come here. They have cereal.
- Come over here. You're going to like this.
- Me?
Hurry up and come here.
[Bread +1]
[I'm going to toast them and eat it]
Make the bread first.
[Get tastier, get tastier]
[She ate bread before!]
[Taste so good that it feels like she's going to fly]
[One bite please]
[Mouth came to meet her]
[Burnt toast came up!]
It's totally burnt.
[My heart is more frustrated...]
[After she checks Lisa's eyes...]
Lisa, it's totally burnt.
[This bread... I need to save it]
[Rosé holds a scalpel(?) with her bare hands]
Oh! Hot!
[Bread patient... Go ahead. Try breathing]
Ah! So hot.
It's totally burnt.
No. x2 Kuma.
[Giving new life with strawberry jam]
- Looks good.
- Kuma.
It smells really good.
[The taste of the bread
that came from the dead]
Mm. Yum, yum, yum!
[Aren't you over exaggerating?]
Do you need to say that?
So good. Don't cry after you eat it.
Don't ask me for more.
[I don't think... it's that good...]
It's good, right?
What do I do?
[No matter who says otherwise,
this is Rosé's life toast!]
[To prepare for the fan meeting]
Let's go now.
[Life toast]
I will eat one more.
[Shakes head]
[Rosé said she would have one more]
[White bread + burnt bread + fresh bread + etc]
[Wah]
I think I need to bring it to her.
[Uses the energy that she got
from the bread to climb up the second floor]
[Hurry, hurry]
Jennie, Jennie, Jennie.
[Rosé's delivery service goes to their mouth]
Jennie!
- What is it?
- Quickly have a bite.
[Rosé's toast review] [Five stars]
It's good.
[This place makes good toast]
No wonder. It smelled good.
[Eats again like it's her first time]
Awesome, you made this and were eating it?
[Meanwhile... Someone we've forgotten...]
[It's still the middle of the night for this person]
[Footsteps that are heading
straight for Jisoo's room]
[Today's mission of waking
up members continues]
Jisoo.
[I'm going to sleep more!]
- I'm tired. I need to sleep.
- No.
[Fight between a sluggard and a human. avi]
No!
Are you going wake up or not?
Make a compromise.
[Anyway, everyone's awake]
- Jisoo. - You're heavy. Really!
[8 hours before the guerrilla fan meeting]
Awesome.
Oh! Awesome.
[What did they see?]
- Awesome! - It's so pretty.
[Pink tree that will change the atmosphere]
I want to bring my camera.
- If would have been empty if we didn't buy those Christmas presents.
- We bought it well.
[#BlingBling #Box_decorations
#Cost-effective #Great_atmosphere]
[#Sad_if_you_forget_it #Season_it_item
#Ornaments #Pretty]
[Yesterday, they went to go buy decorations]
Done.
We need to buy things
so that we can decorate our wall.
All of this...
Because we need to decorate our whole house.
- What would be better? Sparkling?
- Sparkling.
I get tired right away
because I have a weak body.
Rosé, we need to buy a pearl ball.
[Jisoo's exempt]
[Shopping's all about strength]
[Now, we need to decorate... What!]
I want to buy lights.
[Hm... Hmm...?]
Hi, hi.
I'm Jisoo.
I ate helium gas and became like this.
[Hooked on helium gas]
This is so much fun. Let's buy one for our house.
[Don't think that's why it's there]
- This is really good. - We're in trouble.
- Rosé, hurry up and turn on music.
- Okay.
Here.
[Blackpink House got upgraded
and fits well with carols]
[In the mood!]
We ate all the ones with colors.
Goodbye.
[Happy]
[Not going to hurt you]
[Santa Kuma doesn't give
presents to dogs who cry]
[Sleigh... Mom, do you want to pull it?]
[7 hours before the guerrilla fan meeting]
[Ding dong]
Someone rang the bell.
Ding dong.
Did you order something?
[Who is it?]
Hello.
- Oh! Chef?
- Yes.
[A chef?]
Hello.
- Hello.
- Wait a minute.
Guys, the chef is here.
We wanted to call a chef
and learn how to make food correctly...
[Blackpink's rescuer enters]
- Hello. - Hello.
- Nice to meet you.
- I heard that you're having a fan meeting.
- Yes.
[Chef Won Kang Hee]
We're going to make sandwiches together.
[What type of sandwich...?]
What kind of sandwich are we making?
It's called a bao bun.
[Bao bun is a chewy bread that is popular in
Southeast Asia] It's eaten a lot in Southeast Asia
- with dough like hoppang...
- Do you know?
- Hoppang?
- Yes, to explain it easily, like a hoppang.
Hoppang?
Hoppang sandwich?
I'm hearing it for the first time.
It's a sandwich with a chicken patty.
[Seems kind of unfamiliar...
And not easy...]
[Hoppang? Bao bun? Sandwich?
A hundred? For real? Hmm?]
In the beginning, the chef
explained it in a hard way.
Popular in Southeast Asia...
Hoppang...
[Will we do a good job?]
Will this...
[Blackpink's life menu]
[Bao sandwich]
[Key ingredients]
[Bao bun, chicken, etc...]
- Let's get started on making the sandwiches together.
- Yes.
Before we start,
let's wash our hands to be clean.
[They said that the start
of cooking is cleanliness...]
- Rosé, let's hang this up.
- Fighting.
- We need to bend it like this?
- Trust me.
It's almost done.
[Cooking team] [Jennie & Jisoo]
[Start making 100 servings for the fan meeting]
[Decorating team] [Lisa & Rosé]
[Decorating the house for online housewarming]
[Let's do it]
[Preparing fan meeting]
It smells like steamed buns.
Smell of steamed buns.
[Bao bun] - It smells like steamed buns.
- It smells like steamed buns.
Wow! The hoppang is dug out like that?
[Stopped decorating and watching the food]
[BLACKPINK Official VLIVE Channel Ver] E02
Blackpink House
-= Ruo Xi =-
- Awesome.
- Come over here.
[No time] We will use a mandoline and
chop up the carrots and white radish...
[Preparing the carrots and white radish...]
I...
Did you ever use a mandoline before?
I did before.
- Then, you should chop it with that.
- I'm not that confident...
Since you have used it before,
go ahead...
[Back and forth]
[Crispy]
[Making bao sandwich] [Step 1]
[Julienne the carrots and white radish]
[Regular program, "Jisoo's Saying Anything"]
Iron arms, iron legs...
[White radish commemoration song]
Person made out of iron.
[Should I try it and see
if I chopped them up well?]
[Oop!!!]
Did white radish always taste like this?
You're chopping it frantically.
You have talent.
I found my specialty.
"Master of Living."
["Master of Living" - Mandoline episode]
Since when were you a master of mandoline?
[Jisoo] [Expert at chopping]
It was from when I filmed "Blackpink TV."
I was making a sandwich...
First, we're going to make
syrup for the pickle now.
[Step 2] [Mix water+sugar+vinegar+salt]
A cup of water...
- A cup of water?
- Sugar.
[As expected, Jendeuk Ramsay gets it right away!]
- This goes into pickle?
- Yes.
We're going to marinate
the carrots and white radish.
A little bit of salt.
- A little bit?
- Yes.
[Decorating team,
where are you?]
[Backs focused on something]
[Why? Again?? What???]
Baby(?), come here.
The black one is gone.
The cats must be cold.
[Cat babies]
They must be cold. How cold they must be.
We are cold, too.
[Cute babies that came
over to Blackpink House]
Oh! Over there!
I found it!
[You've fallen in love with me]
Baby, come here.
[Hesitant]
Hey baby, run. He's running.
[Exaggeration is prohibited since they get scared]
He's coming. Hey, don't over exaggerate.
Don't over exaggerate.
[Hup!]
Don't do it. Don't do it. Be quiet.
[Stealthily]
- The baby is really cute. - Baby.
This is Baby.
I gave it a name.
[Starting from today, you're Baby]
Baby. Him.
- Gray.
- Gray?
What about that one?
- Spots.
- Spots. Okay!
If we leave the food here,
I think they will come and eat it.
- If we leave the food here, I think they're going to come every day.
- Right.
[Man, I need to take a picture of this]
Hurry. xN
[Oh, you scared me!!!!]
It's so cold.
[Unique high tone] [She's calling them
but sounds like she's telling them to go]
I will give you food.
[We'll eat it next time] - I will give you food.
- They're so cute. What?
- Wow, so cute.
- Cute!
Rosé, let's go inside now.
[But didn't you forget something???]
[Forgot]
[Back to their spots]
[Lingering feeling]
Close the door.
[Focused again]
[Decorating the pink tree is finished]
[I'll be back!]
[Jennie and Jisoo are devoted(?) in their
main business of making 100 servings]
[Step 4] [Leave the white radish
and carrot in the pickle syrup]
For the chicken, we need
to put it in and marinate it.
Come here.
Where are you going?
Awesome... [Sweet dreams]
Let's go.
- It's going in.
- It's hot. x4
- It's not hot. Give it to me.
- It's hot.
[Step 5]
Then, rip open the bread we heated
[Fill the bun with all the prepared ingredients]
and put the chicken on top.
[Ranch sauce]
[Depending on your taste,
add a suitable amount]
[Add a handful of white radish and carrots]
[First, the visuals get a pass]
I want to eat it.
[Squeeze down so it's easy to eat]
[Bao sandwich for BLINK]
I want to eat this right now.
[Time to taste before they feel dizzy]
- Can we try it? - Can we eat it?
Yes, you can.
Thank you.
[Yummy]
Here we go.
[A big bite]
[Bao Sandwich]
[Will BLINKs like them?]
[Expressing the taste with her face]
It's so good.
[Both cheeks full]
[Two thumbs up]
[It's so good]
I think our fans will love this.
[Jennie-Ramsay approves]
I don't think anyone can not like this.
[4 hours before the guerilla fan meeting]
[Their goal is to make enough for 100]
[They haven't even started?]
[4 hours/ 100 servings = one in every 2 minutes]
We have to make these for BLINKs.
Do we make them like we're on a factory belt?
[BLINK production line] [Goal 100 servings]
- Let's go. We don't have time. - We really don't.
- Ding dong.
- Who is ringing?
[Supporters? Who is it this time?]
- The guys are... - What?
- Can we eat first?
- Yes.
- Hello.
[Florists that will help decorate]
We came to help.
- Is this all going to...
- We're going to use flowers here. - Just this part?
[Cameras]
[You shouldn't be... Never mind, thanks]
What are you doing?
What kind of dance is that?
Why are you dancing?
[The camera is dancing too. Shall we dance?
What are you looking at? Oh that...
[Side tracking again]
[They forgot about decorating again]
[#You_are_flowers #Decorations_don't matter]
Wow Rosé.
[In a second]
[The kitchen table transformed] Wow.
- Shall we try decorating with the flowers?
- Yes.
[Teacher]
Please accept me as your pupil.
[Florist Hong Sae-Hee] Just make sure
you stick the flowers in different heights.
I can't wait to see how it turns out.
[No one is talking]
[She's so focused she can't speak]
[BLACK PINK's house is being filled with
the beautiful colors and scents of flowers]
[3 hours until the guerilla fan meeting]
- Did you put in the sauce?
- Yes.
[No time] [They must work in perfect harmony]
I'll add the sauce.
[Add the chicken and then the sauce]
[Then the vegetables and deco]
[Simple, right?]
[Just 100 times more]
[Bam! Bam! Bam!]
Jennie looked like she was working in a factory.
[Anyone need a good worker?]
It was fun. I like doing stuff like that.
[Cutting + Pickling + Making fan gifts + Odd jobs]
It felt like we were becoming pros.
[Next step, packing]
Look.
[100 servings to pack? It's nothing ha]
1 person can pack and the other can stick that on.
I'll do this and pass it to you.
[Sandwich & beverage packing]
[Sticking on the stickers]
[They're so fast...]
[Everyone done by hand]
All done by hand.
[A hidden talent!]
We've turned into a factory.
[Production line working full steam] [80% done]
- Let's hurry. - Let's hurry.
[We need some fresh air~]
The floor is a mess.
[Live show]
[Cleaning before an online housewarming party]
[Production line 99% done]
[Production line 99.9999% done]
There.
[Production line 100% done]
- There. - There.
We're done.
[Online housewarming party]
- Should we show that? - That way and...
- Let's start like this.
- OK.
[Everyone gather around!] - What shall we do? Do I just start?
Fans really wanted to see our home.
[Excited]
V LIVE shows always make me nervous.
[Selfie angle] [Confirmed]
- Can I start at this angle? - OK.
Go!
[Live show]
Hi.
[Hello~]
Are they logging in? Are they?
[BLINK has entered the show]
- Hello.
We're here at
the Blackpink house!
[Introducing the Blackpink house!]
Welcome to the Blackpink house.
[Please invite us over] [Housewarming?]
[We're so curious] [Jen, Lisa, Rosé, Jisoo!]
Where are we?
Please tell them.
Pink walls.
[Pink living room]
- Pink walls. - The walls are pink.
- Shouldn't we show that off too? We always use it at home...
- Finally...
[Ta-da!]
- A big TV. - We have a TV now.
[They're showing off their TV] [Huge TV]
[Congrats] [Mr.Yang must have bought it]
[We'll show you]
- Should we show them? - A preview?
[Main event, showing them around]
- You're good at guiding. - OK. Follow me.
[Blackpink tour (feat. guides)]
[1 hour free time. 7 star home. Fan services]
[What kind of accent is that?] - For the first time ever.
- We've decorated.
- We decorated.
- We're showing our home for the first time.
[Spot 1] [#Best place for selfies]
- This is the... - It's the best spot.
You'll see us take many selfies in front
of this spot through our Instagrams.
[Celebrity pose 1, 2, 3]
Photo cue.
[Please invite us too] [So pretty]
[Look at the flowers] 1, 2, 3.
[Pretty girls next to pretty flowers] [I can't tell
which are the flowers] Click, 1, 2, 3.
Click. You'll see a lot of this.
[We dance at housewarming parties~]
Cute. Dance for them.
I look like a starfish.
Wait for a second.
[All pause]
Wait.
- Everyone.
- Why?
[Play again]
1, 2, 3.
[We jus want to dance some more]
- When I say 1, 2, 3 come here.
- OK.
1, 2, 3!
[Spot 2]
[#Every_girl's_dream_full-length_mirror]
I don't think everyone knows what we're doing.
[Pretty girls]
It's prettier opposite.
[A large Blackpink frame]
[While looking into the mirror]
I keep meeting eyes with Jennie.
[Charismatic Jisoo]
- She's always standing here. - Hey.
You won.
[Whoa]
- She won't even blink. - She always wins.
Look here, 1, 2, 3.
[#Which_is_the_real_Blackpink]
We promised to meet today.
[Online party over] [Now time to meet them
in person] We'll see you later.
- See you later.
- Bye everyone.
[Coming soon]
- Bye. - Love you, bye.
[30 minutes until the guerilla fan meeting]
- Let's go! - Let's go now.
[BUT!]
Hey, it's snowing!
[Yes, it's raining and snowing]
[It's sleeting outside]
It's raining.
[Oh no] [It wasn't in the forecasts]
- Oh no! - Is it raining or snowing? - Oh no.
[BLINKs will we be able to meet today?]
It must be freezing, they're waiting outside.
What do we do?
[At the fan meeting site]
[Alarmed] [Oh no]
[I have a bad feeling about this...]
[Worried looks inside the car...]
[Lisa is upset]
[Remember?] - It rained on the day of our ice cream event too.
- Yeah.
[It rained last summer too... A lot]
We wanted to give you ice cream,
but it's raining...
[And it rained on Blackpink's hearts]
We're so sorry.
Wasn't there another day like this?
[Blackpink always carries around rain]
- On our fan meeting day too. - Yeah, the 1st.
- Yeah, it's rained.
- On the fan signing event day. - Yeah.
- We should hurry. They're probably cold.
- Yeah.
We've been waiting for today.
[Worried]
We must carry around the rain.
What if people aren't gathered?
We were so worried because it was so cold.
[They arrived at the fan meeting site]
[Still raining]
Be careful, it's slippery.
[How many will be waiting for them?]
[Nervous]
[Surprised]
[Wow~ It's Blackpink]
[The site is packed full]
[Despite the cold rain and wind]
[So many fans came]
[to see Blackpink and waited for them]
[What a relief...]
[Blackpink is smiling again...]
Chaeyoung!
[Heehee]
[BLACKPINK Official VLIVE Channel Ver] E02
Blackpink House
-= Ruo Xi =-
[Saying hello to their fans who waited for so long]
1, 2, 3. Hello, we're Blackpink.
You must be freezing.
[It's so cold]
You look so cold!
[It's all right]
[You didn't see this coming, did you?]
We decided to have a surprise event today,
[A special event for their fans]
and before we pass our the presents,
[We prepared this for you!]
[1. Surprise photo event] we'll select 4 people to
take a polaroid photo together.
[Me! Me!]
Anyone I call, must take the photo
[They can't choose which member to take the
photo with] with me, will that be OK?
[It doesn't matter!]
I'll choose a number I like...
I'll go with 44.
[Yay]
- 44! - 44!
Wow.
[Jisoo is so nice] [She's considerate]
- Here. There's lighting. - Wow. - Heart.
[#Our_Connection #Heart]
- Thank you. - Thank you.
- I got 99.
- Wow!
[Wow]
Here I go! 1, 2, 3!
[#Close_up_pose #Don't_be_nervous]
OK.
27!
- Hello.
[As the photographer requests]
- Heehee. - 1, 2, 3.
[Rosé too]
1, 2, 3.
OK.
[I'm not going to lose one second]
- Thank you. - Thank you.
[3. Bao Sandwiches]
We made some party food.
We made and wrapped it ourselves
so we hope you enjoy them.
[Already thinks they're good]
[Saying hello to everyone and gives out gifts]
- Hello. - Hi!
[Both sides are happy about giving and receiving]
Hello!
It'll will be good warm.
Hope you get home safely.
[Hearts]
[Loving]
I'll work hard. Please warm it up.
Get home safely.
[Even Chic Jennie looks like this in front of
BLINKs] Safe travel home!
[Careful]
Be careful.
It's freezing isn't it? Oh no.
[So cute]
Take a good look.
[Jennie didn't know what to do at first]
I was so shy and embarrassed at first.
I said thank you and then later I said
keep warm.
[So friendly] [Jennie got close to the fans]
I asked them if they ate too.
[Looking into their eyes]
[Can't look anywhere else] All right.
Warm these up before you eat them.
- Bye.
- This way.
[They're sad they couldn't be with them longer]
[They want to give them back their love]
I came as soon as school was over.
We love you!
I came from Busan this morning.
[Homemade sandwiched]
They said they made these themselves,
[Thank you]
we'll warm them up and eat them.
Thank you. Bye.
It was so nice to see them after a while.
It was amazing.
We were so thankful for them coming
to see us on such a cold day.
It was so moving.
BLINKs are the best.
[The night after the fan meeting]
[Blackpink's dinner]
Let's take a pick.
[Our own home party]
- Ready for the party? - Yes.
I want to open that.
[That...]
- Which one? - That thing.
- What? Secret Santa?
- My name is on that box.
[This one?]
[On the previous night]
[Did what?]
We did it on December 1 every year.
But we skipped this year.
[Necklace from her?]
- You bought me a necklace. - Right.
We always had a cake.
[Blackpink's annual event: Secret Santa]
Being a Secret Santa for each other.
1, 2, 3!
[Deciding whose
Secret Santa they will be]
[Secret]
[Don't let anybody know]
[Ironclad protection]
[Sh! It's my secret]
[Whose Secret Santa are you?]
[Let's go to buy a gift!]
- I'll go buy a gift. - Secret Santa!
- Secret Santa.
[Decorative item shop,
close to Blackpink house]
[Don't you want me?]
[Oh]
I love it.
[Sandglass to measure 3 minutes]
3 minutes. To brush teeth well.
I'll buy this for me.
[So many stuffs are my type!]
I love this place.
[I like this]
I love hourglasses.
[Are you a Secret Santa for yourself?]
I'll buy this. Travel pouch.
Kuma, I'll buy this for you.
[Unexpected encounter,
Will her cover be blown?]
[Let's avoid each other]
[Hiding the gift]
[Too enthusiastic]
Even if I stay right before it closes,
I'll find a great gift.
What's this?
[So cute]
Pretty.
[Are you a Secret Santa...]
This is cute.
[For yourself again?]
This is awesome. But I can't buy this.
[Focusing]
Let's focus on!
Focus!
[Lisa's pick]
[I need to buy this.
I love it!]
Excuse me. How much is this?
Do you have a new one?
It's out of stock.
[Unalterable law for shopping:
If you like it, it's out of stock]
[Looking around]
Did I buy from here? Right!
She wanted to have it
when she saw it in my room.
[Lisa had an idea of a different gift]
I bought it from here.
No?
[They no longer sell the item]
- We no longer work with the brand...
- Really?
[Unalterable law of shopping:
It's gone when you come back]
What should I do?
I didn't know what to do.
[But someone was in a
worse situation than Lisa]
[The one who panics
more than anyone else]
[Spaced out]
[Oh my]
Difficult.
[Sweating]
Too difficult.
[Jisoo suffers from shopping phobia]
I don't know what to buy.
I don't know what to buy!
What should I do?
[When choosing a blanket]
I don't know. Let me show my room.
["Oh, difficult"]
This is hard for me. Too hard.
[Complaining to God]
God! Why do you give this challenge to me?
Why!
[I hoe I can buy anything]
What should I do?
I don't know what to buy.
There's another floor?
[Moving up to the 2nd floor]
I'll go upstairs.
[I thought I'd buy something
on the 2nd floor]
[Shopping-sickness]
I don't know.
[0 product in the basket]
I don't know. I'm so screwed.
[Sigh, the more I shop,
the trickier it becomes]
It's hard.
Did they buy anything?
[Except for her]
I'll take a look at others.
I'm done.
[Buying gift mission accomplished]
I spend a long time for shopping.
[Rose finished shopping]
I'm not good at buying gifts.
[What did they choose
for the Secret Santa gift?]
[Opening presents and cards]
Presents? Shall we unbox them first?
We can't tell who gave the gift.
[Heavy]
Let's guess who gave it.
It's heavy.
[Expecting]
I'm so excited.
[Jenny's... She likes it]
- What's that? - What's it?
[A fancy flower embellished pen]
I wanted to have this!
- It's a pen.
- Really?
- I guess so.
- So pretty.
[Another one, 2nd gift]
- What's that? - Amazing.
[Oh on oh]
[Fur bag]
Amazing.
So cute!
[Fur coat]
- What's this? - What's that?
- I'll try.
- I want a fur coat! - Is it furry?
[So soft]
Fur coat! I want to have one.
[Dressed up with a fur coat + a fur bag]
- Cute. It looks great on you.
- How do I look?
Too much brown.
- Do they look great on me?
- Yes, they are.
[It's like your own clothes]
I love this! So pretty!
[It looks good on you]
- Surprised. - It feels like it was yours.
[She likes it, turn of joy]
- It looks like your house.
- You look so elegant.
[Satisfied]
I love this. Oh, my gosh!
[Who is Jenny's Secret Santa?]
- May I guess who it was? - Yes.
I think it's... Lalisa!
[What does Lisa's smile mean?]
I'm 100% sure that she's mine.
[Jenny's Secret Santa is me!]
She likes furry things.
[BLACKPINK Official VLIVE Channel Ver] E02
Blackpink House
-= Ruo Xi =-
[Jenny's Secret Santa is Rose]
[Jenny's taste]
She likes soft, furry things.
She likes cute things.
Like a rice cake.
[Jenny's style that she finally found]
How much is it?
[Jenny's style]
[So excited as Jenny didn't know]
I love this game. Secret Santa.
[Lisa's turn to open her gift]
What's this?
What?
[Rose pencil, the same one as Jenny's]
- Amazing! We have the same thing.
- Amazing.
[Amazed]
- Awesome! - We're a couple!
- Tea bags.
- Alice? - Yes.
- Lisa likes drinking tea.
- I love it.
[The biggest box]
What's that? Shoes?
- What's this?
- I guess they are shoes.
- Are you Alice?
Drink tea. Drink it twice.
- An elegant way to drink tea.
- Drinking tea in the room.
[You know like luxurious]
You know.
- Isn't it the one? In the movie?
- Amazing.
[Who's her generous Secret Santa?]
I don't know who it is.
- Can you guess?
- You need to guess.
I visited that section only once.
I said, "I want this!"
[In fact... when she was in the section]
Buy me this!
[Lisa shouted she wants to have it]
[But nobody]
I want this!
[cared...]
[Right... I was talking to myself]
Nobody looked at me.
[But! Secret Santa kept her ears open]
Sorry? What did she want?
[Lisa's Secret Santa, Jenny]
[So happy]
[Unboxing... Rose's turn]
Whose turn? Chaeyoung?
The nervous moment.
[Oh?]
What's this?
[Chaeng-munk who looks like a chipmunk]
Acorn? Because I look like a chipmunk?
Amazing!
[Acorn jewel box] - Acorn.
- Acorn is the best gift for a chipmunk.
[Rose needed it]
I always lose my accessories!
[What's this slim and long one?]
What's this? Wine?
Amazing! Can I turn this on?
[A glass bottle lamp]
- This is the one. - What's that?
- Amazing.
[Gift candidate 1]
I saw this.
[Gift candidate 2]
I looked at it, too.
[Who is Rose's Secret Santa?]
What'd be good for her?
Hey, are you my Secret Santa?
[Guessing wrong]
Nope.
[Please help me]
Which one is better? This or that?
[Why do you ask me?]
- Why? Will you buy me one?
- Which one is better?
I'll pick this.
- This?
- Yes.
[Jisoo bought the lamp
for Rose after thinking a while]
This is it.
[Acorn for Chaeng-munk[
Acorn is the best gift for a chipmunk.
[Rose's Secret Santa Jisoo]
[The last one, Jisoo]
- I don't know. - Let's take a look. - OK.
[Transforming into
detective Jisoo]
Evidence 1.
- What's that?
- What?
You're over-reacting.
[Suspect 1: Lalisa, denying]
Lalisa, you're over-reacting.
- Because it's so beautiful.
- Ring. - Her birthday.
[Oh]
How come you know it so well?
[Suspect 2: Rose, stammering]
- No, the color. - Holmes.
- Pretty.
[Stone ring]
- It looks great on you. - I like it.
[2018 S/S Collection Limited Edition]
Like a scene from a beauty ad?
It's not a beauty but
an accessory commercial.
Do I like a scene
from an accessory ad?
- Right. - Huge ring in the beauty commercial.
- Hilarious.
[There are some more]
Sh!
[Hooded T-shirt]
It's so cool.
It's a T-shirt.
[Suspect 3: Jenny. Pretending not]
It's someone who cared about your comfort.
- What?
- Cute!
[Whose son is this?]
- What? - Cute!
[Secret Santa, never mind]
Never mind.
[I got a hunch]
- It's an wearable item. - What?
This...
[My Secret Santa is Lisa]
Lisa.
[How did she know?]
I think it's Lisa.
I saw Lisa bought this.
Because she made a fuss!
[What Lisa did]
[1. Showing off what she'll buy]
[2. Talking about it so loud]
Pretty.
[3. Talking with the sales rep for long]
This?
Purple!
[Hmm... She's buying a purple ring]
Cute? Make it two.
[She bought two rings]
[Jisoo, the only one who guessed right]
In conclusion, I won the game.
[Winner's ceremony to the camera]
If I had read the letter, I'd have known.
Zoom in! Zoom in!
- Seriously. When I looked at it...
- Look at her!
[The truth is...
Secret Santa is among us!]
[What's in store for us today?]
- Like this.
- How many, Chaeyoung?
- Sorry?
- How many?
[Something] [What's that?]
A lot. Several hundreds.
[Let's see...] [More than 1,000 fan letters]
A lot. I don't know what to read first.
[BLINKs, gather up]
[Surprise fan meeting ended successfully]
[Blackpink gave hand-made gifts
to 100 fans on 1st-come-1st served basis]
[Sorry, the 101st fan]
[Fans couldn't leave in disappointment]
2, 3!
[Impromptu proposal for a special event]
Those who couldn't get a gift,
please send your story to us.
[For only one fan]
We'll pick only one fan
[How big would it be?]
and give a huge gift.
[Have you heard?]
[Legendary gift for only one BLINK]
[Fans sent 1,000 letters]
I've watched your videos
and I thought it's cool
to say English fluently.
[True education]
[Started learning English]
Thanks to Blackpink,
[English that changed my life]
- I started learning English. - Amazing.
A lot of international fans sent email.
I'm no.1 fan of Blackpink.
I love Blackpink.
Go, sisters.
I'm a BLINK living in Singapore.
[Netherlands]
Netherlands.
[Germany]
I live alone in Germany.
[Pick me, pick me!]
[BLINKs around the world sent email]
Hi, I'm an exchange student
to Sungkyunkwan University.
[International fan on an exchange program]
I need to go back to Indonesia on Dec 26.
If I "reseeve" your gift?
[Typo in Korean]
If I receive your gift, it will be
an unforgettable memory.
Hello, I'm a BLINK who loves Blackpink.
[A student fan having good grades]
Thanks to you, my grades have improved.
[Around 1,000 letters]
- Can we read them all? - Let's read.
We've received a lot of email
during a day and a half.
[This much]
[They decided to divide letters,
read them and pick one fan]
[Listen]
- This is so sad. - Why?
Hello, I'm a student who studies abroad.
I annually go overseas to do volunteer work.
My original schedule was to do the
volunteer work at an orphanage in Bali
and return to Korea on Dec 5.
I was excited, planning
to go to the fan meeting
Blackpink, my best favorite
group on the next day.
[What? Volcano?]
But the volcano erupted
a few days before my departure
and I wasn't able to
join the fan meeting.
[Because of acts of God]
So this fan was disappointed.
- Because of a volcano.
- Wow.
[Attention] [Jisoo's pick]
- Will Jisoo read? - A father sent this.
[Oh]
- A father sent. - Why?
- A father?
- That's true.
I summoned courage to write this.
Choi Jongdeok. Aged 47.
[Cough]
I live in Daejeon...
In Daejeon...
[Father of a high school student]
I have a son in the 10th grade.
I was deeply worried about my son
because he didn't have any goal in his life.
[Amazed]
But my son has found a goal.
That's to have a job
at YG Entertainment.
[Glad to hear that]
He wants to be a manager of Blackpink.
[His first dream in life]
Others may laugh at his dream.
[I want to support him]
But I'm glad that he finally has
found his dream in life.
It's all thanks to you, Blackpink.
I don't have any social media ID.
Sorry.
[Contact info: Wife's phone number]
He left his wife's number.
[Unexpected twist] [Serious but cute]
Amazing.
[Moving onto find the fan
for a special event]
- I don't think I will be picked.
- So sad.
[Not to miss out any single letter]
Blackpink's songs comforted me.
[Blackpink members read all letters]
Blackpink, trying to achieve dreams...
[Who should I pick?]
It was hard to pick.
We talked a lot about
whom to pick.
[After a long discussion]
Let's boil down to 5 fans.
[Select the one out of several candidates]
Let's give our surprise gift.
[Candidate no.1: International fan]
The one in Singapore.
[Candidate no.2: The father fan]
- The father? - I liked his story.
- Dad.
- Here you are.
[Who are they?] [5 candidates]
The one studying at the university.
The one who works hard...
[Before making a decision]
How should we pick one?
[Fair... You know that...]
We need to pick in a fair way.
[Shuffling]
- Shuffle? - Like this? - Shuffle them?
[Blackpink's official way: Drawing lots]
- Shuffle them. - Shuffle!
- Don't take a look at it.
[No excuse, we'll visit the fan]
We need to go.
Regardless of where they are.
If it's Daejeon, we need to
go to Daejeon via car.
- Amazing.
- Lisa, pick one.
[Suddenly?] - We trust in your hand. Whatever you pick.
- Golden hand.
[BLACKPINK Official VLIVE Channel Ver] E02
Blackpink House
-= Ruo Xi =-
She always picks whatever
in front of her.
[Why did you shuffle
when you'll pick the first one...]
Who's that? Who's it?
[Through the 1000:1 competition]
[Who's the lucky BLINK?]
Who is it?
[After 168 hours... In the next episode!]
Let's see.
[Blackpink is going somewhere at night]
[Nervous]
Can we deceive her?
[Whom?]
[Blackpink has a part time job?]
I'll be working here...
Oh my.
[Wearing glasses,
working as camera staff?]
[Fake employment?]
Like the camera staff...
The cafe is not crowded.
[Directed, written, starred by Blackpink]
We need to have one more table.
It'd be nice if we
have a couple sitting there.
[The best hidden camera prank in 2018]
What about this hidden camera prank?
[Blackpink's legendary
hidden camera prank]
[#Blackpink #Hidden Camera Prank
#Successful?]
Hey, cheer up!
I'm so nervous.
I can't do this.
She's here. She's here.
[Star of the prank is coming]
[What will happen to them?]
So nervous!